full house in the drawbridge hall that
especially creates an opponent of
record champion borussia d端sseldorf if
The West Germans in the Westerwald
then come the stands full
occupied
then the anticipation is huge in the bregtal
especially to him
Timo boll the man for the first time
an opponent must find the in
can bring distress
Europe's number one meticulous
one of them tried something when
others are already in the locker room and he is
is an ex patrick tree walked
two years ago to borussia brought along
her, among other things, two championships
and became a champions league title
2012 Vice World Champion with the team
his opponent bordered on new ones
Hope bearers of the croats andrej
gacina who lost the first set, however
with 7 12 tree caught the better
start in an enthralling duel limit
against d端sseldorf that was at this
especially a table tennis in the afternoon
An early example at world class level
vehicle bounced a bit
his timing cost him that
a strong gacina den
second set with 11 7 sat down the
Crocate through the game now absolutely
balanced
ttc coach anton stefko could do his
protege only guess exactly like that
go on and gacina did this 11 too
9 again one too long from
Patrick the Croats gets in
this match with 2 1 sets in leadership
but the expression of stefke betrays it
You do not even clear a tree
Pass by the side of the current
world ranking 30
had an answer ready claimed the
fourth set with 11 9 and had with it
actually the momentum on his side
but all of china with a flash start in
the fifth passage was fast with 5
1 front tree had then again
had grown at 10 26 but
matchball
what an incredible ball change
You have to do that a second time
look at tree and gacina mind you
the original speed
high class match with a winner of
left a husky impressive
andrej gacina the 1 0 for Grenzau im
second single of the day went for ttc
player-coach tomas pavelka into the duel
with timo boll
the czech likes to play against
Germany's number one marc the
fast-paced ball change against the
exception and can sometimes synonymous over it
smile when berlin so gorgeous
plays as in this scene, the two
Just respect yourself is fun there
watch
even if d端sseldorf coach danny
Heister quite optimistic
may look his number one
had this firmly under control
boll won the first set in 11 3
pawelka then got lost though
the following passes at the end though
with 8 12 and 9 12 not unexpected
the d端sseldorfer for the borussia from 1
1 1 to break but this also limits
always possibilities the high favorites
here in native hall one leg too
put
in the cup, the ttc had a few
one week at 1 3 lost one
quite clear matter
here it was now more of a duel on
Eye level like this example
single call many things and
christian sweet
it went over five sets with the better
however, the end is sweet for the sweet
set back the passages four and
five each won with 11 to 9
pity there was not much missing in ruwen
filus for the individual victory that meant
also now it needs the duel of the two
one against a victory of matschiner against
Boll and the two gave it up
really give really nothing
already the first sentence a pure crime with
happy end peoples china because boll one
serves up 13 15 sees power
you rarely get one with him
set management against boll that does ever
Well
and the kroate worked in this phase
on top of that, much fresher in his
the border game had the game
under control
10 to 8 in the second set ball
a real drama then in three
again and again gacina got in the
Advantage but in the end he could not
use his five match balls
again and again boll had the right one
Answer thus prevented a 0 to 3
defeat against the Grenzauer ball came
ran again 17 15 and 11 to 8 in the fifth
set at nine to nine
once again there were three match balls for
no china but no he could use
There was nothing like the 22 at the end
sat boy with 14 to 12 and
Dusseldorf in total with 3 to 1 by
bitter for grenzau after this great
power
usually better sometimes
little luck and ok today
everything possible so after the food game
where went in for individual then
we thought okay today you can
we can do something and ok because of the case
Rad lost and the third game too
ruwen filus against is that was all
open and was also very close game
and if you won the game
then probably it would be the last
player andrej gacina against tino borris
maybe game will have a bit
more nervous and because that practically the victory
for us for our players on sunday 28
october, the next home game for
china and co in bexbach
then the opponent is called ttc at 3 pm
quietude